in the English countryside amid great
beauty and privilege a young woman named
Emma devoted herself to one task the
business of meddling and matchmaking
[Music]
everybody has their lead on Emma but how
many alliances can she create it'll be
without sense them as a client as you
know before disaster catches up with her
[Music]
with this kind of task
Medusa one Dumas would ask that you not
marry how can she choose her future in
love with you I have developed certain
feelings for someone of a most tender
and devoted nature woman who offer of
marriage something has happened to the
wind I cannot move oh you'll just have
to live here then I have something to
tell you which I'm afraid of life
[Music]
Miramax Films is proud to present
winneth Paltrow Toni Collette Jeremy
Northam you and McGregor Great Escape
key and Polly Walker in Jane Austen's
timeless comedy
Emma trying to kill my dogs
[Music]